title::: document
world cup 2022::: "Lionel Messi can finally be called a world champion.Messi scored twice in one of the most epic soccer games anyone has ever watched as Argentina won the 2022 FIFA World Cup Final over France on penalties.The climactic match in Qatar finished 3-3 after extra time, with La Albiceleste claiming the shootout by a 4-2 margin.Argentina held a comfortable 2-0 lead until the 80th minute courtesy of a Messi penalty and a sublime team goal finished by Ángel Di María in the first half. However, Kylian Mbappé converted from the spot and finished a sumptuous volley in a span of two minutes to send the game to extra time.Eugene Omoruyi Scores 17 Points vs. Indiana PacersMessi was once again on hand to put Argentina in front in the 108th minute, but Mbappé kept his cool from the penalty spot once more to send the final to a shootout.Messi knocked home the first penalty, then Argentina keeper Emiliano Martínez made a save in the second round from Kingsley Coman's effort. France's Aurélien Tchouaméni sent his spot-kick wide in the third round, leaving Gonzalo Montiel to seal the title in the fourth.✨ Watch more top videos, highlights, and B/R original contentArgentina appeared to have full control of the contest thanks to a pair of first-half goals from Messi and Di María.Messi became the first man to score in all four knockout round games of a single World Cup with his penalty in the 23rd minute after Di María was brought down by Ousmane Dembélé.Di María padded the lead after a scintillating counterattack that started in Argentina's own half.France did not attempt a single shot until the 71st minute, and La Albiceleste appeared to be cruising. However, the game flipped on its head when they conceded a penalty in the 80th minute.Mbappé coolly converted, and the final burst into life once more at the Lusail Stadium.One minute later, Mbappé levelled the contest at two goals apiece with a stunning volley, eventually sending the final to another 30 minutes of game time.Messi and Argentina thought they had the World Cup locked up again in the 108th minute, when the 35-year-old finished off a chaotic sequence in front of Hugo Lloris in the French net.But Mbappé struck again from the penalty spot after a handball from Gonzalo Montiel in the box 10 minutes after Messi's second goal.Mbappé's hat trick pushed him ahead of Messi into first place in the Golden Boot race with seven goals.That was a small consolation for the French superstar after losing in his second World Cup final.Argentina's stars were faultless with their spot-kicks, while France was left to rue Coman's saved effort and Tchouaméni's miss, handing a third world title to Argentina and preventing Les Bleus from defending their 2018 tournament victory in Russia.While a penalty shootout is always a cruel way to lose, Argentina was good value for the win on the balance of play. France finished with just five shots on target to La Albiceleste's 10 and failed to do anything in the final third in the first 70 minutes. Emiliano Martínez made just two saves for Argentina, albeit one was crucial in the 123rd minute when left one-on-one with Randal Kolo Muani.Messi was, perhaps inevitably, Man of the Match for his pair of goal contributions.He has now won a major tournament title in each of the last two years with Argentina, securing his first Copa America in 2021 and now adding a World Cup title to his illustrious resume."
champions league 2022::: 'Real Madrid were crowned European champions for an incredible 14th time following their 1-0 win over Liverpool in the 2022 Champions League final played on May 28, 2022 in Paris.Vinicius Junior\'s second-half goal coupled with a man-of-the-match display from goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois ensured Carlo Ancelotti\'s side followed up their La Liga triumph with victory in Paris.But after a night of crowd concern prior to kickoff, and debatable VAR decisions, there was plenty of controversy and discussion in the days and weeks that followed.A team that conquered Chelsea, PSG and Manchester City en route to the final was always going to be deserving of lifting the Champions League trophy, but Liverpool will still feel unlucky not to have taken their chances in what was a chaotic night on and off the pitch in the French capital.After a 38-minute delay to kickoff due to fans having trouble getting into the Stade de France, and then an untimely opening ceremony performance from singer Camila Cabello, the football finally kicked off.MORE: Why kickoff time delay for Liverpool vs Real Madrid?How Real Madrid won 2022 Champions League finalA cagey start from both sides in the opening quarter of an hour the game suddenly sprung to life when Courtois was called into action after Mo Salah\'s first effort on goal tested the Belgian\'s reactions from close range when the striker connected with Trent Alexander-Arnold\'s cross.Much of the build-up to the May 28 clash had focused on Liverpool\'s front three coming up against a goalkeeper in the form of his life, and Courtois again came out on top moments later as Sadio Mane tried his luck. The 30-year-old wriggled free on the edge of the box before hammering a goal-bound shot which Courtois needed to be at full stretch to tip the ball onto the post.Madrid\'s man of the moment, forward Karim Benzema, had barely had a look in throughout the first half, but on 42 minutes showed exactly the threat he possesses. Having initially taken the ball down and toyed with Alisson, he messed up his effort, only for a poor Liverpool clearance to see the ball fall to Benzema\'s feet once again as he fired it home from inside the six-yard box.After a lengthy VAR check, the offside call on the field was upheld as Fabinho\'s touch was not judged to have been deliberate. That meant that the Frenchman\'s offside position was upheld. Liverpool breathed a sigh of relief as the half-time whistle soon came.MORE: Why was Benzema\'s Champions League final goal disallowed?Liverpool started the second half with the same intent they did the first, but heroic defending by Dani Carvajal cut out Alexander-Arnold\'s pinpoint cross destined for Luis Diaz\'s diving header as the defender just managed to clear.But against the run of play, Madrid took the lead in the 59th minute through Vinicius. Federico Valverde found himself in space down the right side and spotted the Brazilian arriving at the back post. The delivery was pinpoint and Vinicius tapped home to send the Madrid fans into a frenzy behind the goal.*Only available in UKThe Reds weren\'t going down without a fight though. This was a team who came from behind to win each of their final three Premier League games, and shortly before Diogo Jota was introduced for Diaz on 65 minutes, Salah once again forced Courtois to pull off a smart save from his curled effort.Klopp piled on more attacking options from the bench, but Naby Ketia\'s effort from outside the box was wasteful and Salah was once again denied by hero of the hour Courtois — his brilliant reaction stop pushing the Egypt star\'s right-footed strike from a tight angle away from the top corner.Ancelotti brought on Eduardo Camavinga, who has so often been introduced in previous rounds to turn things around for Los Blancos. Now required to protect the lead. The 19-year-old did just that as Madrid held strong to once again write another glorious page in their European history books.Jurgen Klopp\'s Champions League final reaction"In the dressing room, nobody feels it was a great season at the moment. We maybe need a few hours for that," a disappointed Klopp said."It was the two decisions against us were the smallest margins possible."We played a good game, not a perfect game. I don\'t think a perfect game is possible against an opponent set up with a deep formation."We had a lot of shots but not the clearest. Courtois made two top saves. We conceded a goal from a throw-in. Valverde wanted to shoot, Vinicius was there and that\'s it."The boys tried everything, especially at 1-0 down then we played like we wanted to play before. We had our midfielders too deep. It\'s [because of the] threat they are with counter-attacks. We wanted to be more brave in the second half. That\'s what we said at half-time. We played around them. We should have played more in the formation than around them."It feels different. It\'s not bad to get to the final. It\'s a kind of success. Not the success you want to have."I have a strong feeling we\'ll come again. The boys are really competitive. It\'s an outstanding group together. We will have an outstanding group next season. "Where is it next season? Istanbul? Book the hotel."Carlo Ancelotti\'s Champions League final reaction"I can\'t believe it. We had a fantastic season. We did really well," the Italian told BT Sport. "It was a difficult game and we suffered a lot, more so in the first half. In the end, I think we deserved to win this competition."We\'re really happy. What can I say? I can\'t say more."I am a record man. I had luck to come here last year and have a fantastic season. A fantastic club, a really good squad with a lot of quality and mental character. The season was top."I think we passed through really difficult games. The supporters helped us a lot in the last game. They helped us tonight. We\'re happy and they\'re happy."On Courtois, Ancelotti added: "Wow. Unbelievable. I can\'t believe it."Speaking to CBS he said: "At the end we had the energy, the strength and the belief that we could win and we won. I have a fantastic squad, fantastic experienced players and fantastic young players."We have a good mix in the squad and we were able to reach a great achievement. I told you I cannot believe this, but it\'s true."The history of Real Madrid is something magic with this competition. I think that this history helped us pass the quarterfinal and semifinal, to be able to reach the final and in the end to win."'
ballon dor 2022::: 'Real Madrid and France\'s Karim Benzema has won the 2022 Ballon d\'Or title on the men\'s side after topping the 2021-22 season voting. The 34-year-old had been the strong favorite heading into the Theatre du Chatelet and has now been named the first French winner since Zinedine Zidane back in 1998 with Juventus. Barcelona and Spain\'s Alexia Putellas took the women\'s crown for the second consecutive year to become the first female player to win the top prize twice and back-to-back.Here are the winners:Men\'s Ballon d\'Or: Real Madrid and France\'s Karim BenzemaIt was always going to take something special to follow in the footsteps of Lionel Messi\'s incredible seventh Ballon d\'Or title but that is what Benzema produced in the 2021-22 season with Real. With 15 Champions League goals and two assists from 12 outings, including an astonishing haul of 10 knockout phase goals en route to the title, it was always going to be a strong case for the Frenchman. However, 27 goals and 12 assists from 31 La Liga appearances as Real finished top plus Les Bleus\' UEFA Nations League triumph meant that nobody could truly compete individually or collectively. Benzema succeeds Paris Saint-Germain and Argentina\'s Messi as titleholder with a tally of 47 competitive goals and 16 assists across competitions."It is a source of great pride to have this in front of me," said Benzema after finishing ahead of Sadio Mane, Kevin De Bruyne, Robert Lewandowski and Mohamed Salah to become the oldest winner of the award since Stanley Matthews back in 1956. "I think back to all of the hard work that I have put since I was little. I always had motivation thanks to my two role models of Zizou (Zinedine Zidane) and Ronaldo (Nazario), but I did not give up. Difficult periods strengthened me mentally, including not being part of the international setup. I never gave up and kept enjoying my soccer. I thank my Real Madrid and France teammates, my president who is like family and came to my home to sign me for Real. I do not forget Mr. [Jean-Michel] Aulas and the Lyon academy. I also thank my family as we are united and together. This is the people\'s Ballon d\'Or."'